80 generating schemas for multiple classes (#90)
victools/jsonschema-generator: jsonschema-maven-plugin/README.md

        </execution>
    </executions>
    <configuration>
        <classNames>com.myOrg.myApp.MyClass</classNames>
    </configuration>
</plugin>
```
This will use the default configuration of the generator.

### Selecting the classes for generation
The classes for which the JSON schema has to be generated are configured using the `<classNames>` and the `<packageNames>` elements.
This can be either one element, or multiple by using nested elements.

```xml
    <configuration>
        <classNames>com.myOrg.myApp.MyClass</classNames>

>     <packageNames>
>         <packageName>com.myOrg.myApp.package1</packageName>
>         <packageName>com.myOrg.myApp.package2</packageName>
>     </packageNames>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <packageNames>
            <packageName>com.myOrg.myApp.package1</packageName>
           <packageName>com.myOrg.myApp.package2</packageName>
        </packageNames>
```

Author: done.

    </configuration>
```

### Configuring generated file names and locations
The location where the files will be generated can be specified with the `<schemaFilePath>` element.
```xml
<configuration>
    <classNames>com.myOrg.myApp.MyClass</classNames>
    <schemaFilePath>src/main/resources/schemas</schemaFilePath>
</configuration>
```
The default path is `src/main/resources`

The name of the generated schema files can be configured with the `<schemaFileName>` element. This 
is a substitution pattern that is used for all generated files. It following the MessageFormat syntax, where the 

>  following variables can be used:
>  - {0} : This is the name of the class
>  - {1} : This is package path of the class 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
following variables can be used:
 - `{0}` : This is the name of the class
 - `{1}` : This is the package path of the class 
```

Author: done

> For example the following configuration will create files that have the `.schema` extention. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following configuration will create a `MyClass.schema` file. 
```

Author: done
